and then youtube people I'm linux brs
I'm here for another comparative
between tablets already made a comparison of the
galaxy tab 3 with 210 pb now the galaxy
tab 3 with the galaxy tab 2 staff
let's go then the main
The main feature is the
main characteristic is the change that
had been in the design as I had already said
previously, and also the home button that
have not noticed and 2 and now have here
following the trend of the galaxy note of
line note and the shortcuts here from menu and
back that you do not have here and
it will probably be different here
underneath customization below the
android is so let's go tab 3
it was announced now
April we are on April 29
while the other was announced in 2012 and
tab 3 will be available from
May of this year 2013 and another tab 2 was
May 2012 staff or dimensions
tab 2 is a bit bigger that had 3 and the
The weight of the tabi 3 is much smaller which is 41
grams almost nothing personal more if you
spend some time there with him in his hand and
maybe I did not make any difference
I think I might not do something
difference but only because it already has
evolved and has been lighter who
knows the next come even lighter is
folks
the technology of the displays one etf has another
epls lcd
all have both have bitante helmet
16 million colors
same resolution 640 for by 1024
pixels 7 inches 170 pixels per
inch is slightly below that of the 200
I guess so
Ok it could be more than 200
pixels to have a little more
quality in personal image
both are multi touch and both have the
touchwiz technology the use of interface
here is the xis here that is samsung personal
they do not have alert type alerts for
not receiving a cellphone connection because
they are not
3g they are will do only if I
I forgot to mention that they do not have
entrance to so and will not do
network access is 2g while the ac or
310 that finishes 2 he has exit for the auto
stereo speakers the other only has not
just do not know if recession
are two loudspeakers or one loud
only speaker and but both have output
for headphones
tab 3 he has athletes 64 gigas and which one
tab 2
tab 3 it has internal storage of
8 and 16 and a gig
are two models of the person as tab
the tablet 2 he has for 8 16 32 days in
1 gb of personal market standard ram
gprs edge speedy has no debts and no
have network 3g or 4g the wireless network it
operate on a bg and eni daniel haidar ect e
of the standard market hostel the pilot
or bluetooth 3.0 infrared port o
pp tab or two here say that has not
my team one also has no doubt
earlier said that there could be
European or American eagle model I spoke
and what if it has infrared port
Probably that for Brazil does not see
that red door to the resort is not
it's personal
both with usb 2.0 but here the staff it
has a proprietary exit and the other
usb side for you to connect to
computer probably will come the same
but I hope it comes to micro usb
for you because it is a market standard is
folks
o the tab 3 it has a primary camera of
3.15 megapixels have autofocus and flash
while the other does not have self-focus on
closing time more personal
I did not find the photos I saw.
led flash behind tabi 3 is going
wait for the official photo not even
Sorry I saw the other galaxy tab
82.8 delete what I said personal
It is probably good then comes what is
written here that autofocus and flash come on
check
so people further ahead already
be smile detection both have film
at 720p at 30 fps time 3d 1.3 megapixels
while the other is v already only 10 and 480
sorry, it 's personal
the operating system the three tab already comes
with jelly bean tab 2
it comes with the 403 ics and also updates
with it ready to be upgraded to
4 1 bin the point where it is a tab 2
texas instrument
the 1ghz core chipset processor
art and tab 3 does not specify the chipset
or apo and only the graphics processor
of alcohol and the power br is of tabi two
personal touch is the gyro accelerometer
even messages to the same
browser has the difference that html speaks
for the 3 and the html5 pro2 here personal more
probably supports the html5
galaxy tab 3 has no radio in the two
gps is present in the top 3 and the tab
two have the hats branches is a cooler term
Java
the top 3 in white and the white tab 2 is
black and red and other functions
here the other characteristics of the
tablets
both have battery of 4 million perez talks
which is non-removable but probably
also from this other
also removable the battery
okay so this was a summary around the
comparative differences between the galaxy
tab three seven inches will speak and
samsung galaxy tab 27 inches too
will talk and then samsung personal touch
if you like the oss and Joycinha
I left a message and let me know what you think.
other comparatives personal touch
thank you